Drew Beaupre: Let's start with our Q2 planning discussion.
Sarah Chen: Great. I think we should focus on the authentication system first.
Drew Beaupre: Agreed. We need OAuth integration and SSO support.
Sarah Chen: What about the timeline? We need to be realistic.
Drew Beaupre: I'm thinking 3 sprints for the core functionality.
Mike Johnson: Don't forget about the security audit requirements.
Sarah Chen: Good point. We should build that into the timeline.
Drew Beaupre: Let's move on to the budget considerations.
Mike Johnson: We have approximately 200K allocated for Q2.
Sarah Chen: That should cover the authentication work and the API redesign.